[Autogenerated] We're starting out simple with just a development environment.
But let's say we're expanding out in a fairly common deployment patterns.
At least I've seen in A W S environments a lot of time.
You will have an admin account where your admin users live.
And then for each environment,
you might have a separate A W s account one for Q a one for staging,
one for production.
Now how can you manage your state effectively for all these
different accounts without going a little bonkers?
A pattern that's recommended by Hash Corp is to locate your
bucket and dynamo DB table in the admin account.
And all of your admin users are also going to be in that admin account,
which means they'll have permissions to write and read
data to that S3 bucket and that table.
So they're all set as they need to manipulate state
files for different accounts.
They also will have a role that they can assume in each of these
accounts to deploy the actual infrastructure.
So when they want to run a terra form config,
they're going to reference, say, the Q A account.
They'll write their state data to the bucket that is in the
admin account and then deploy the actual infrastructure by
assuming that role in the Q A account.
When they want to do the same thing for the staging account again,
they'll write the data to a state file in the S3 bucket in the admin
account and then provisioned the infrastructure and the staging account and
then rinse and repeat for the production account.
By following this pattern,
your state data is safely stored away from all of these other accounts,
and you've really locked down access to it to a certain degree.
Now,
if you're going to use the same S3 bucket and table for multiple environments,
it is important to note that while you can have granular
permissions on the objects in the S3 bucket,
you can't assign granular permissions to the Dynamo DB table.
So anybody that has access to that dynamodb table could potentially lock
any of the states that are stored in that S3 bucket.
So probably something just to be cognizant about.
If you're planning on adopting this type of architecture, er now let's get into migrating your state into the S3 bucket